I'm sorry, I just...
Just one minute.
I might want to ask one to clarify.
I beg your pardon.
One minute, see if I can just play with my counsel
for cross examining me.
I beg your pardon.
Senator McCarthy and Mr. Roy Kroner, now in conference,
over a couple of material in this questioning by Mr. Welch.
I beg your pardon.
Thank you, Mr. Welch.
Senator, I think you were mistaken about a date
or about someone being in New York.
And that in my book is not a crime.
I do want to read to you from the bottom of page 617,
all of the records.
You would one note again.
I'm out.
Have you had...
The last paragraph on the page you say,
this is you kept trying.
Now you ask me about the 17th.
On the 17th, I may have discussed that in the morning
at Holy Square.
I did it almost every day,
but the conversation you have referenced
in the last paragraph,
I believe, that was about General Law,
about the breaking of General Law.
So maybe four of that, and I'm interpolating,
that was in the 16th.
Then maybe four of that, Mr. Adam,
and brought that matter up.
Mr. Kohn and Mr. Karr were not in town.
Now that he was like crack with you now.
No, not like crack that.
Mr. Kohn and Mr. Karr were not in town on the evening.
They left sometime late in the afternoon.
We were holding hearings over us
in the courthouse of Holy Square.
Well, incidentally,
I don't call it a crime to make a little mistake of this.
Adam, what do you think?
Adam himself was not in New York on the 16th, sir.
If he was in New York on the 16th.
Well, in any event, Mr. Kohn and Mr. Karr
were not in the 10th of the hearings.
The 10th of the hearings are revolving at the 16th.
In any event, Mr. Kohn and Mr. Karr
were in New York on the 16th throughout the day.
No, not throughout the day.
Until the hearings adjourned.
No, they left sometime in the afternoon.
Well, they were in the hearings the next morning.
They were there the next morning.
Have you the records of the hearings
on the 16th handing senator?
I do not, but I'm sure we can get them here.
I have them here.
Mr. Kohn, that's a couple.
I assure you that you will have a chance to check my accuracy
against the records so that I will read and chat with you.
This I am reading from Senate Resolution 40 Part 6.
It's headed S, RES 40, very much for a familiar to you
than the Part 6.
On page 237, it says Wednesday, December 16, 1953.
Summary of such a video on investigations of the Committee
on Government Operations.
Among those present are the following.
Present also is the phrase,
Roy M. Cohen-Chief Council,
Francis Tinkar Executive Director,
and Daniel G. Buckley Executive Council.
Is that refresher recollection that they're having in there?
I told you that they had been there until
sometime in the afternoon Mr. Adams was there.
Also, I do not recall what time John came in.
Well, I think he came in sometime in the afternoon.
I know he stayed after Mr. Well, I want to Mr. Carly.
I'm more interested at the moment in Mr. Cohen and Mr. Car.
Now, I take 281 of the same documents.
It says, whereupon at 4.15 p.m.
The Committee reads this until the following day 30 December 17, 1953
at 10.30 a.m.
So that Mr. Cohen and Mr. Carly were with you until 4.15 p.m.
Where they now?
I don't think so.
The public questions are at all when they're expected to question.
Well, each and every of that public question is...
If you were normal, we normally didn't put work at 4.15 p.m.
If you were looked at page 280 and page it gets lost as I slip it over,
you will see what I'm talking about.
And when you look at it, I'd like to have it back.
Yes, you may, sir.
We had a public question, didn't we?
First, I'm going to send that exact one session after that.
You just remember what time you left that time.
How do we even get to that?
We have a public question.
Yes, ma'am.
Mr. Wells, follow your attention to something that you obviously missed here.
I say we're not going to executive session for the benefit of the members of the press.
There will be no press conference anything after the executive session.
We'll run out of the late.
We have a great number of witnesses to hear.
If I may, I'll ask now the room to clear it so that we can go into executive session.
The public session will resume at 10.30 tomorrow morning.
So the 4.15 recess, or the public session, we then went into executive session.
Well, Mr. Colton said an executive session, as I recall, quite a long time.
Mr. Colton and Mr. Cai with you.
You want to go to the floor?
Mr. Wells, I have a...
I have a...
I asked Mr. Colton and they told me they were there after the beginning of the executive session.
The last left-door class here began.
Well, that might well be.
In that event, they were there as late as 4.15, which is the time that the public session ends.
And for some little period, at least their after, while the executive session began.
That is their recollection.
I thought they had left the...
The question is satisfactory to me.
From the executive session.
I take it you would not be after be running an executive session without one or the other of them,
was you, Senator?
Yes.
And it is that your recollection that they both left sometime after 4.15.
That's right.
Now, at some time, on that day, as I understand your testimony, you dictated over the telephone,
the memorandum that became number six in the printed document, from which we have worked here.
That is right.
At what time?
Did you dictate that?
At what time of day?
Mr. Rolstein would have no idea.
I call my office, constantly, and I keep no diary.
I have no idea what time of day.
Let me see the record.
5.25.
Oh, one more time.
Well, I assume that strike it out.
How late, when you were out of town, how late is the...
Mid-Adisclin in your office?
Sometimes, at 6.00, sometimes 7.00, sometimes 8.
Sometimes 9.00, and Mary works very, very long on your large.
Well, my...
I often call at the 9.30 of my time.
It could be that my secretary is listening to me.
My observation is that when I'm out of town, you can barely have to go home, about the time's business ends.
Is that inaccurate as human's and fiscal?
No, Mary just goes to work until she cleans up all the work that she thinks must have cleaned up for that day.
Well, can you not help me at all as to the probable time of day when you dictated this memorandum's signature?
No, if I were to guess it, I'd be purely a guess, but I would guess it was during the time when I had come to eat in the evening.
That might be 6.30, it might be 7 o'clock.
I don't even know whether we had an evening's question last night, it seems to me.
I don't think we did.
You know what?
Yes, but it's a problem.
It's a problem around 6.30.
You know what became of this memorandum after you dictated it was the sentinel you are?
I'm going to say if the time is important, we can check with the telephone company, and I'm sure they will be able to give us the exact time of the call.
Well, we may have some records to help you.
I don't think time is enormously important.
I assume this was dictated some time around, you know, not later than say 6 or 7 o'clock.
It's quite a minute.
Wait a minute.
What happened?
Would that be a fair assumption?
I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Well, would it be, now this may be corrected if the telephone calls help you, would it be a fair assumption that it was probably dictated by 6 or 7 o'clock?
I say it to be fairly against.
I don't remember what time.
No, mine.
If it be after the executive session, oh, it won't be around 6.30.
Seven o'clock.
I might have an eighth minute, and I am.
Now, we can get the phone slip on that.
Perhaps we can.
Now, Senator, can you tell us whether or not, and I just, the record seems to me ambiguous on this point, but I think you will know,
was the memorandum stayed up to New York, so you would have it as a matter to discuss the next day.
No, or kept in Washington.
It does not send up New York, in fact, I doubt very much, but that this memorandum has ever seen them as their car, Mr. Cohn, because the next
noon we had such a very extensive discussion about this.
It would have been a waste of time to show them this memorandum. The reason it was a bit of dictated was because I was leaving town the next day, and I wanted to discuss their time.
Incidentally, as you're leaving town the next day, that's the day that appears on the memorandum because it wasn't transcribed the night you telephoned it in.
From frankly, and very...
And where did you go to the next day, Senator?
I spoke to...
Mr. Cohn will have to leave.
I think it was Chicago, I don't know.
And it's what time did you leave?
I think you went to the long art that you not, as you came up town with Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn, Mr. Adams.
Yes, sir.
You were also at what time? You left the hotel to go to a plane.
I called it when some number one's worked off, but again I wasn't able to give it exact time.
Thank you.
Now would you look at the memorandum, Senator?
And up.
That's Mr. James Juliana talking to Senator McCarty now.
Present to us, Senator.
Would you look at the memorandum now, which is number six and then is December 17th, Senator?
No, the opening phrase of it is a follow-up.
In talking to John Adams today, I learned that General Law, who, as you recall, cooperates fully with the committee,
in exposure of the verses that Fort Monmouth is about to be revealed in his command, really.
Let me read that first pause again in talking to John Adams today.
What's going to be you told us?
That you knew that on November 24 and 25.
I told you that subject was brought up, so I suddenly believed in that.
And that they, and that Adams then said they were going to kick him out the next day.
I didn't so tough times.
Well, Mr. Cohn did.
Right.
And you believed Mr. Cohn's testimony?
I believe Mr. Cohn's testimony.
And you had a conversation with Adams about it on November 24, the night of November 24,
which resulted in a telephone conversation in your presence on the 25th.
Is that right, sir?
I had a conversation with Mr. Cohn's, right?
What's the time that's inspiring?
Are you saying, John?
The Jackson Sussex and the Sheriff House of the Senator Smelleth.
Am I right?
I just want to ask one of the other things that I'm going to do.
I'm taking the...
Senator McCrack and Wynn, the Committee convenes, is customary for the official report here.
To note the presence of every member and every staff member who is present, is that correct?
I'm sorry, I was really in the loop for somebody to pass by.
Yeah, Wynn, the committee section is convened.
It's customary for the official report here to note the presence, right?
While the every member and every staff member will maybe pass.
Right.
Now, if and when.
A member or a staff member should leave the meeting at any time.
I think it's not actually noted on the record.
Can I tell you why I missed your first question?
I just got to know here from somebody saying that Mary said,
hit me for a raise, or this particular moment after we testified about it a long time.
Oh, right.
Well, I just want to be sure that that's the...
That's the...
The record normally shows who is there at the beginning of the hearing.
However, if a son of her leaves, or someone leaves during the hearing,
or if someone comes in during the hearing,
normally the official report does not...
Right that down, I think that's right.
The right thing.
So that's a...
What he has noted at the beginning of the hearing, you know,
a physical report of the hearing.
It would not be conclusion at all that those things can be put in place.
Well, they're hearing it, you know.
No, I just want to make sure that that's actually...
No, I'm sorry, but I have no meaning at all.
That's all.
Not strong.
I'm not...
If I don't fully sense it, there's some questions.
We just throw up the phone matter so we can run into something else.
We can just...
I'm taking the organ care.
It's a health...
Well, I'll read that.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Suddenly I read the second sentence of that document.
I questioned Adam very closely on this in a friendly manner.
And find that the only reason he can give us is that Lawton embarrassed the military
by helping to make it possible for us to expose the incredibly bad security set up
which has existed as far as Mama was.
With Senator, Adam's had told you that on the night of November 24th.
No, Adam's had never admitted to the anti-S and the middle of it up to this date.
This is a resume of what I Arsenal guessed from my first name, Adam.
But on the night of November 24th, he was asking why they were going to do it.
I did.
And he told you?
He told me...
What do you also told me in a 16th?
Well, how many told you on the 24th?
Two weeks, I made a statement to him.
Well, I'd like to know what he told you on the night of the 24th.
I'll tell you.
Please do sir.
Nothing else?
No, thank you, ma'am.
Thank you.
On both the 24th and on the 16th, John tried to follow the sections.
Well, they were breaking this journal because he had mentioned that a staff meeting
that certain of those brothers and the majority of those, and we exposed
because of communist action, both in certain colleges and universities.
It was conversation.
Mr. Adams knew and I knew that the owner was never breaking the law firm because of his
cooperation with the committee.
Don't fuss about that.
Where were you with that?
I was when you questioned him closely as you said you did on December 16th.
And I don't remember the room number.
It was in the courthouse at Holy Square, New York.
Who was there?
Mr. Adams and I were there.
I don't think there was anyone else present.
Neither Mr. Cone nor Mr. Cone.
So that's the evening of the Cone with the Cone of the last?
Yes.
Now, isn't it a fact cemetery?
It is true that you learned this whole story on November 24th and 25th.
I have heard the...
I've made my Miss Adams on November 24th.
Including the reasons that's why they were trying to do it and including the
mom row of some that you thought were false.
That's right.
But at that time, as I said, I didn't believe that...
Well, Senator, they were coming to say that they had fallen through the
blocks.
On December 16th, I was more firmly convinced that perhaps they were going to go through it
on the 17th.
I may say I was rather firmly convinced.
Yes, but you dictate this memorandum to Washington on the night of the 16th.
That's right.
And it wasn't strictly accurate.
When you said you were talking to Don Adams today, I learned that General Lawman,
who did you recall, cooperated fully with the committee in exposure of subversive
support, monmouth, it's about to be relieved of his command.
Not that, sir.
If it weren't highly accurate, it would say I'm talking to Don Adams today,
I learned for the second time.
Is that not correct?
Yes, accurate, Mr. Lawman.
Isn't it correct?
Wouldn't it be correct to say I learned for the second time?
No, I think this is a...
Can anything be clearer?
I think this is a completely accurate resume as the...
Can any...?
The testimony...
Man, I'm famous, sir, well, but the other day, I think it's a good analysis of this.
The other day, I heard a...
A man...
I'm sorry, man.
I heard a man who's being impregnated around the further Congress.
So they pressed conference for half an hour.
He said, I'm not going around.
I will not run.
He gave all the good reasons in the world.
When he got through, a newsman walked up to one of the men with a presence.
And said, well, he said, he said, yes.
Well, that was a correct resume as the...
Of the news conference.
I think this is a very accurate resume of...
The information I got from Mr. Adam.
But isn't it a fact senator that on December 24th, you will learn...
On November 24th, you will learn that General Lawman was about to be released in his command.
On November 24th, Mr. Adam made a test that they would release in his command.
That's right.
And that's all you're doing on the 7th and 16th, isn't it?
On the 24th, I didn't believe that they could do this.
And you didn't buy the...
By the 16th, and he brought it up again,
he gave me the definite date of January 1st.
While I still wasn't fully convinced, I was impressed that they might show through with this.
And you didn't make a memorandum of it when he told you the first time, did you?
To wait on November 24th.
No, because Mr....
When you got around, you were leaking.
Well, don't make any such a tone, it was present at that time.
So I wasn't making a memorandum of Mr. Cohn.
I just...
Now I have that answer, Ed.
You asked me if I made a memorandum of the 24th.
I still lost the chair, but I had to be...
A roll call goes to the members of President,
where he has to get over the right way,
to have this roll call doubled in gas, after no reason,
and when we can be in about 10 minutes.
I'll be right back.
You have just heard, Chair, the Chairman, declare a brief recess,
so that the members of this committee can go over here and vote on the floor of the Senate.
The ABC Television Network is bringing you the complete hearings
into the McCarthy Army controversy.
And there you see the senators lead the caucus room,
to go over to the floor of the Senate,
to vote on a measure not before that party.
That means the Senate is going to be in the late 14th of the year,
because there was a...
Another of those resolutions,
concerning the Son of the North Koreanthay being introduced,
and I was asked to stay over there until it was disclosed
and I was asked to look over there.
Well, there is a rule that the Chairman himself and Poland is finding
self-reliant, the opening morning,
not to conduct any of the hearings in the absence of representations from both parties.
I wonder if Mr. Duckett, if you would try to locate one of our Democratic colleagues.
They were here a moment ago, and they were all gone,
and I don't wonder if we can be in the committee until we have bipartisan representations.
Well, I think this opportunity to ask,
if you know whether or not more votes are imminent to that end,
we thought there were, but I think it's not now.
So I think we'll be able to run on,
and I might say to the Senate,
because of the folks in the test score and the radio,
the committee is resolved to go through tonight until we've been told
that there's no way we have to run on the late.
Mr. Duckett, are you looking for a Democrat?
Yes, I am.
They reported to the committee,
and the rules today.
Now is the case.
That's a lot of votes.
Senator McCarr, a month has...
I think we asked him to use the call of the...
Committee back to the committee until the Democrats,
first time the McCarthy now.
I just hear that from you.
Who had reached that? You want to go over here?
There's about the same and one of those points.
A layman.
They reported to those days.
Sorry, I'm not surprised.
May I come to order?
We're worried about the matter.
The exact same here.
We have a bipartisan representation made in chair.
Remind the audience.
I assume that most of you will hear what is before the meeting.
Around this final day of the hearing,
we are especially hopeful that the audience will maintain
the no-branded cooperation
as the main one, the capital for the Democratic Senate,
yet to now plan for the audience.
Showing force to the rules,
victory to the end of the hearing.
You remove the legally, but politely and firmly from the room,
and you, by guest, can violate the terms under which they came.
Mr. Welk, so you can keep your advice as many as six minutes left
so you have to come and go around,
who will be surrounded by the vote of the House,
who may proceed to your effect.
How much time left on this one?
Senator, I was inquiring about...
Memorand of number six, the one of December 17, 1953.
May I now attract your attention to the last two lines of the Memorand.
It's either of you talked about Stevens before I do.
I suggest that you bring these facts to his attention,
in that he may not be aware of this situation.
Did you contemplate that Mr. Carr might be seeing Secretary Stevens before you did?
Memorand would seem to so indicate...
...where you also contemplating that Mr. Carr might see him before you did?
Mr. Memorand would seem to so indicate...
...well, was that what you were contemplating that Mr. Carr would actually be seeing the Secretary of the Army before you did?
Well, when I say a few there, you talked about Stevens before I do.
I suggest you bring these facts to his attention, that's exactly what I meant.
Yes.
...but if they saw him before I did...
...he may not be aware of this situation.
What was there about Lawton, Mr. Stevens was not aware of.
I don't know.
You certainly can't take this to anything about Lawton, Stevens didn't know, can you?
I still have difficulty believing that Lawton Stevens will try to break a man whom he described as a great general.
No, because he was worked with our committee.
I have difficulty, I think it's a matter that...
...at that time I felt it's if he's taken up with Lawton.
Difficult is quite different.
Sir, from your point of view.
I can't see what.
There was about the Lawton situation of which Stevens could possibly have been unaware, can you?
Mr. Melkwell, one day you've criticized me not having brought matters above Stevens' attention.
The day you've criticized me for bringing him to his attention, I tell you this should be brought to me to his attention.
Well, you thought it should be brought to his attention.
May Lawton's situation.
Well, Mr. Senator McCarthy, if he's been having Friday in the Lawton's way, why he's stirring up the trouble?
I don't agree that Mr. Stevens is moving party in any of this.
What do you mean?
I think there is someone else.
You mean this excess senator Seth, your boy, Cole and Kyle either of them.
Where's the force to tell Secretary Stevens something about the Lawton's situation of which he was unaware?
First let me correct the part of your question.
You said your boy, Kyle and Cole and I say that you're a man, Kyle.
Let me say that Kyle and Cole and I are more men.
Well, I got to the point.
There are two men and I've been contacted for a long time.
I had them grow up before you said that.
Let's call them man.
Now what is there that those two men have?
Let's do that now.
Now what is your question?
Don't you know Senator?
What's your question?
My question is, what was there that Mr. Cole and Mr. Kyle could convey to Secretary Stevens?
As a result of your addicating this memorandum, that Secretary Stevens didn't know three times over.
Mr. Welch is very clear that I was adjusting.
They convey to Mr. Stevens the information that the memorandum is.
I'm not supposed to get it.
Would you like to let your addiness rest there?
But is my answer correct?
No, as I understand it, you never thought.